README.md, before:

# Kyna Wu's ECE444 Portfolio ⚡️ 
This repo is a clone of https://github.com/varadbhogayata/varadbhogayata.github.io

> https://Kynnnnnna.github.io

![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Kynnnnnna/Kynnnnnna.github.io) 
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Kynnnnnna/Kynnnnnna.github.io)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintained-yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/Kynnnnnna/Kynnnnnna.github.io/commits/master)
[![Website shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/website-up-yellow)](http://Kynnnnnna.github.io/)
[![Ask Me Anything !](https://img.shields.io/badge/ask%20me-linkedin-1abc9c.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kyna-wu/)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

### Website Preview
<!-- p align="center"> 
  <kbd>
    <a href="https://Kynnnnnna.github.io" target="_blank"><img src="examples/preview.gif">
  </a>
  </kbd>
</!-->

## ECE444 Activities
- Activity 1 (1pt): a screenshot
- Activity 2 (1pt): two screenshots (repo and the deployed website)
- Activity 3 (1pt): two screenshots (repo and the deployed website)
- Activity 4 (1pt): two screenshots (repo and the "places travelled" page in deployed website)
- Activity 5 (1pt): a screenshot of top three projects
### Activitiy 1 screenshot of the repo just after cloning from varadbhogayata
![Screenshot after Activity 1](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity1_img1.jpg)
### Activity 2 screenshot of the repo and the deployed website after updating with my own information
![Screenshot of the repo after Activity 2](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity2_img1.jpg)
![Screenshot of the website after Activity 2](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity2_img2.jpg)
### Activity 3 screenshot of the repo and the deployed website after updating the color theme
![Screenshot of the repo after Activity 3](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity3_img1.jpg)
![Screenshot of the website after Activity 3](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity3_img2.jpg)


## Sections 📚
✔️ About me\
✔️ Experience\
✔️ Projects \
✔️ Skills \
✔️ Education\
✔️ Contact Info\
✔️ Resume

To view a live example, **[click here](https://Kynnnnnna.github.io/)**

## Tools Used 🛠️
* [<b>GitHub Pages</b>](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/deployment/#github-pages) - To host my static website (HTML, CSS, JS).
* [<b>Materialize</b>](https://materializecss.com/) - A CSS framework to get Google's Material Design components.
* [<b>Typed.js</b>](https://mattboldt.com/demos/typed-js/) - JavaScript Library

## Contributing 💡
#### Step 1

- **Option 1**
    - 🍴 Fork this repo!

- **Option 2**
    - 👯 Clone this repo to your local machine.


#### Step 2

- **Build your code** 🔨🔨🔨

#### Step 3

- 🔃 Create a new pull request.

## License 📄
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](./LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

updated read me for activity 4

README.md, after:

# Kyna Wu's ECE444 Portfolio ⚡️ 
This repo is a clone of https://github.com/varadbhogayata/varadbhogayata.github.io

> https://Kynnnnnna.github.io

![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Kynnnnnna/Kynnnnnna.github.io) 
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/Kynnnnnna/Kynnnnnna.github.io)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintained-yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/Kynnnnnna/Kynnnnnna.github.io/commits/master)
[![Website shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/website-up-yellow)](http://Kynnnnnna.github.io/)
[![Ask Me Anything !](https://img.shields.io/badge/ask%20me-linkedin-1abc9c.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kyna-wu/)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

### Website Preview
<!-- p align="center"> 
  <kbd>
    <a href="https://Kynnnnnna.github.io" target="_blank"><img src="examples/preview.gif">
  </a>
  </kbd>
</!-->

## ECE444 Activities
- Activity 1 (1pt): a screenshot
- Activity 2 (1pt): two screenshots (repo and the deployed website)
- Activity 3 (1pt): two screenshots (repo and the deployed website)
- Activity 4 (1pt): two screenshots (repo and the "places travelled" page in deployed website)
- Activity 5 (1pt): a screenshot of top three projects
### Activitiy 1 screenshot of the repo just after cloning from varadbhogayata
![Screenshot after Activity 1](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity1_img1.jpg)
### Activity 2 screenshot of the repo and the deployed website after updating with my own information
![Screenshot of the repo after Activity 2](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity2_img1.jpg)
![Screenshot of the website after Activity 2](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity2_img2.jpg)
### Activity 3 screenshot of the repo and the deployed website after updating the color theme
![Screenshot of the repo after Activity 3](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity3_img1.jpg)
![Screenshot of the website after Activity 3](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity3_img2.jpg)
### Activity 4 screenshot of the repo and the deployed website after adding places travelled section
![Screenshot of the repo after Activity 4](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity4_img1.jpg)
![Screenshot of the website after Activity 4](/assets/ece444_screenshots/activity4_img2.jpg)



## Sections 📚
✔️ About me\
✔️ Experience\
✔️ Projects \
✔️ Skills \
✔️ Education\
✔️ Contact Info\
✔️ Resume

To view a live example, **[click here](https://Kynnnnnna.github.io/)**

## Tools Used 🛠️
* [<b>GitHub Pages</b>](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/deployment/#github-pages) - To host my static website (HTML, CSS, JS).
* [<b>Materialize</b>](https://materializecss.com/) - A CSS framework to get Google's Material Design components.
* [<b>Typed.js</b>](https://mattboldt.com/demos/typed-js/) - JavaScript Library

## Contributing 💡
#### Step 1

- **Option 1**
    - 🍴 Fork this repo!

- **Option 2**
    - 👯 Clone this repo to your local machine.


#### Step 2

- **Build your code** 🔨🔨🔨

#### Step 3

- 🔃 Create a new pull request.

## License 📄
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](./LICENSE) file for details.
